Just a collection fo random funny stories from high school/university

So I went to Middleton high school, which had a pool. For physical education, we had to swim.
I can't swim, but it was a "team sports" class, so I just stood in a corner juggling a soccer ball
with singer wile everyone else was trying to kill each other (dunking people underwater and that kind of stuff).
Fun times..

Our teacher perhaps trusted Singer a little bit too much. He had this friend who drove a mustang. One day,
we were just juggling a soccer ball when he says - you know what would be fun; if we put this ball behind Hui's mustang...
he squeezed it against the wheel and left it there. We have no idea where the ball went, but Hui didn't drive over
it :/

There was one other time we went to Pheasant Branch reserve which is basically a small hiking route in a forest.
Singer and a few of our other friends wanted to play soccer golf. You know what happens next, don't cha... The
 ball fell in the creek; one more ball lost.

There was another time when we were supposed to run on the track. Our teacher gave Singer keys to get a soccer ball.
Singer used the keys to rip open a netted bag, and grabbed another teacher's soccer ball.

During that class's final, we all finished our final early. Singer found the equipment door unlocked and got out a soccer
ball and we started juggling it - while everyone else was focusing on their test... Yeah, we got yelled at.
Interestingly enough, next year, the school got new soccer balls because they didn't know where all the
other balls went to (most were in the creek or behind Hui's car).

Singer loves to play chef. He showed us a video of him making pasta. He fed it to his sister, and said doesn't
it taste good? You could tell she was trying not to frown. Yeah, I should've made a mental note not to try his
cooking - that would come back to bite me.

One time, we were out walking and it was like 11PM. I just wanted to go home, but Singer and Kevin wanted to go to
the gym. I told Singer I wanted to head home, but if they wanted to go to the gym - I'd go. That guy probably doesn't
remember, but he said "you always do what we want to do; if you want to go home, go home." It doesn't make me laugh,
but it does make me smile.

Another one of those moments is when we were eating at Gordon's. I told him I was being a bit selfish
that day, and so he told me "dude, you're the most selfless guy I know - you want to be selfish, go be selfish."

Ok, back to the funny stuff. He was living in Ogg during my sophmore year, and the summer of that year, we
go back to his house. We go to the basement, and... We realized why he loved Ogg so much - the basements
were completely identical. A foosball table, ping pong table, pool table, and a big plasma screen tv. We
never realized it until that moment, but what a moment.

At Ogg, I had the unfortunate pleasure of eating his home made mac and cheese. After a while,
I got a message from him saying - about the mac and cheese, I was just cleaning the pot, and I realized the water
was brown. Turns out, there was a filtering problem with the sinks that day. He fed that mac and cheese to his entire
floor.

I crashed on his couch one day, and at 2AM, he came in and started to make mac and cheese. Yeah, his sleep
schedule is weird.

Another day that I crashed on his couch, he started making pasta at 12 AM. I ate 2 plates and then went back to sleep.
He tried some himself, spat it out then said "I can't believe he ate two plates of this crap."

Oh and for his birthday, we bought him carrot cake so he could play chef. Oliver joined in, and the
cake was pretty beast.
