Have you ever had that feeling where you have to complain about a bug, then get back and code more?
That's called being a programmer.

What I do is code for 8 hours, then think about why my code sucks and how to make it better for the rest of the day.

Always strive to gain knowledge, but never put yourself above someone else - that's the ideal person.
Be careful though, it's quite a shock when they find out you're human too.

I give out the worst gifts. I give poeple balls, cakemix, and a least recently used cache. It's ok though,
I make up for it.

Some times, the best thing you can do for others is help them realize just how much of the world
they don't know.

My calc teacher once told me "look at Euler's equation - don't you see the beauty of it." Yeah, I do: time to confuse the AP
test graders - I got a 5... I'll post my math stories later.

Note: don't write "don't panic" all over your test. Your CS 577 professor might get concerned for your mental health.

People lie; they cheat; they steal, but don't ever let it change how you think of the world - when you do, you lose.

Do you know when you win at life? It's when you have friends who you can trust to have your back and you do the same for them.

When you have a bug that you don't know how to fix: "it's a feature :D"

The 3 things every computer scientist should know: philosophy, coding theory, and coding theory applications.

I knew I was a computer scientist when I started beaming while coding and drawing abstract data structures.

To be a computer scientist, you need a body and mind of steel. A mind of steel because the objects you create are
in your head - you can't feel or touch them. A body of steel because you need to sit in a seat for 5 hours, walk
300 meters to a meeting, then sit and listen for the last 3 hours.

When you face a planned stressful situation (interview/exams), always give yourself something to look forward to.
For me, it's eating with friends - or coding.

What? That class is impossible? I know what I'm taking next semester!

Love is for suckers. Unless you love coding - then you're a programmer.

Whenever my friends swear - hey! Language!

