Debugging is an artform - it's a way of life.
The first thing to note about debugging is to make sure there is actually a bug.
Usually there's a ticket that says - this is a bug; it was found by doing this procedure.
The first thing to do is to make sure the bug is reproducible. The worst bugs are the ones
which come up randomly and with varied frquency. Those bugs - just give up and ask a professional;
usually a senior developer or stack overflow.

But for bugs which are almost always reproducible, this document should help. First,
figure out which function calls have been activated when the bug occurs. Next, find documentation on
each call. I work with functional programming and some OOP objects, so knowing inputs and outputs
are usually sufficient. Create breakpoints within those functions and execute code break by break and print what
is happening in each step.

Code is only as strong as a programmer's knowledge; therefore it is crucial you understand the code.
Of course, if you don't, just print out each object and if something doesn't make sense,
ask for help. Running the code block by block narrows down what exactly the bug is.

The point of understanding each block of code and its output is if the output isn't right, then you know
exactly what the bug is. However, if the output is right, then it's most likely a design or logic error.
For those error, it's best to go over each individual function and find out why it was called. Usually it's because
it went into an if statement it wasn't supposed to go into or something like that.

But the most crucial debugging aspect is designing to limit bugs. Always use assert statements for
business requirements. If the input doesn't match the business requirements, the code crashes immediately.
This is better than a comment because it forces you to stay loyal to the code and reminds you to 
update the code regularly - otherwise, it won't pass the tests.

Of course there are more ways to debug, such as the old saying "if you checked everywhere for a bug,
except for the places you know 'there is no bug; it's perfect,' the perfect place has a bug." Either that
or you're chasing a phantom bug like I was :/...
